it's been a minute there was a time when
I would yell 81 in your face and you
would break out in hives not anymore
on the court man he scored 81
I still got my DVD that I burned that
was a beautiful thing if you Kobe Bryant
I got a healthy 19 black mamba good day
my brother how are you sir good to see
you
I heard a story it made me happy it
almost made me cry that you wore this
shoe on a night that you scored 81
points in a basketball game I happen to
be present that night you probably
didn't see me because I look at the back
of your nut your name and number all
night
[Applause]
[Music]
how special was that night and if that
has something to do what you want to
release this shoe pre-release this shoe
in particular um well yeah I mean that
night was very special and you know the
fact that I was playing in the one it
makes that shoe have added significance
you know I think the shoe in and of
itself the way it was built the
stitching going around the swoosh we
wanted to have a feeling of of it being
handmade because I felt like I was
building my game anew and which then led
to 81 and all the other games that I had
because I was in the gym really working
hard and so the shoe has special
significance to me because of that
because of the stitching because of kind
of building everything to scratch and
then you feel the 81 in there puts it
over the top
so our fine network is launching a
television program with people yeah
Todd detail you're all over the place to
project can you explain to us what this
one's going to be about yeah details
were different so like detail is is not
for everyone it's actually not for
famous since it's it's for basketball
players it's for us it's for the elite
of the elite and I'm just taking the
experience that I had and watch me film
right so if I'm the Martha Rose
I'm gonna be watching and studying that
game that was just played with the
understanding that I am tomorrow so if
I'm the tomorrow how would I be breaking
down this game film right now what am I
looking at what am I saying
and that is the core of the entire show
I got to max cap spots open I've got
some young talent trying to get back to
the championship level
what's your ability and helping the
Lakers recupera agents recruit free
agents you shouldn't need recruiting
they tell me it takes a special person
and want to play for this franchise you
can take the pressure that comes along
with playing for this franchise the
pressure of following magics footsteps
and myself and like the dynasty that
we've had takes the best person to do
that and if I if I need just convince
you to come here to carry that legacy
forward
you ain't wannabe you ain't the one
little Masterson and Larry hey what's
your church Lakers could have as much as
seventy million bucks in caspase next
season assigns the free agents dang is
the only player on the Lakers roster
guaranteed to make more than 10 million
dollars you know check you out if you
need to be convinced you ain't the one
do you agree I agree under the premise
that that's Kobe Bryant speaking but we
talked about this times changed a lot
and players want to be coddled and
recruited and babies and then they'll
say no one go to another team but you
don't have to necessarily be in Los
Angeles or LA to get a lot of prestige
that comes with being an elite
basketball player anymore yeah and I
think that the the special type of
person comes when LA is right and when
they're in position to win I think a few
years there they hit a point where
people weren't running to LA because
they weren't necessarily in a position
of stability they had a lot of coaching
changes the roster was was getting older
they were on a rebuild so players
weren't just running to LA but the
special type of players show up 100 I
think I can be a part of a winner and
that's when you find out what guy wants
to go to LA or even places like the
Knicks mm-hmm Miami
there's San Antonio those places have a
prestige to them that you have to answer
up to so give me
one to ten ten being this is the most
perfect time for a player to come to the
go to the Lakers we're not there anymore
what would you give this right now also
ten right now okay oh it's it's they
have two Mac spots to the fan bassist
thirsty for winter they've had mega
success but we could put names to it in
2018 is LeBron Boogie or Paul George in
2019 is Butler clay and Kawhi I got
nothing so if he doesn't sign his
extension this offseason right with the
San Antonio Spurs he may end up being a
lead domino and I agree with you because
also those young guys they're writing
that wheelhouse where they're gonna take
another huge jump over the summer and
they're gonna be really good next year
so you might want to jump on board right
now if you want to be a part of the
Lakers we left Los Angeles just in time
Jalen